loading_screen_tips = {
	"In 2026, global defense spending exceeded $2.4 trillion for the first time."
	"The semiconductor industry is worth over $600 billion, with Taiwan producing 90% of advanced chips."
	"Use the new Internal Politics decisions to shape your country's domestic strategy during times of crisis."
	"Proxy wars allow you to project power and damage rivals without committing to a full-scale direct conflict."
	"The war in Ukraine has reshaped the global energy market, pushing Europe to rapidly diversify its energy sources."
	"Investing in Cyber Defenses is crucial. A successful enemy cyberattack can cripple your infrastructure and steal your technology."
	"Nuclear deterrence remains the ultimate guarantor of national sovereignty, but pursuing it will isolate you from the international community."
	"Manage your economy carefully. Stimulus packages can bring you out of a recession, but they cost significant political capital."
	"NATO has 32 members in 2026, including Finland and Sweden, which joined following Russia's invasion of Ukraine."
	"BRICS+ expanded in 2024 to include Egypt, Ethiopia, Iran, the UAE, and Saudi Arabia."
	"The Belt and Road Initiative has invested over $1 trillion in infrastructure across Asia, Africa, and Europe."
	"China's military budget is the second largest in the world, surpassing all of Europe combined."
	"The Arctic is becoming a new geopolitical frontier as melting ice opens new shipping lanes and exposes vast natural resources."
	"War exhaustion accumulates the longer Russia and Ukraine fight. A prolonged conflict will eventually force both sides to negotiate."
	"Proxy operations are cheaper than direct war, but failed operations can seriously damage your international reputation."
	"Countries with the Cyber Capability idea can launch offensive cyber operations to damage enemy infrastructure and steal research."
	"The Houthi movement in Yemen disrupted global shipping through the Red Sea, adding weeks to trade routes in 2024."
	"Pakistan possesses around 170 nuclear warheads and has a no-first-use ambiguity policy, unlike India."
	"South Africa is the world's top producer of platinum group metals, essential for fuel cells and catalytic converters."
	"Vietnam is one of the fastest-growing economies in Southeast Asia, attracting manufacturing from companies leaving China."
	"Indonesia is the world's largest archipelago nation, with over 17,000 islands and 270 million people."
	"Mexico's nearshoring boom means hundreds of foreign factories are relocating from China to take advantage of USMCA trade terms."
	"Argentina holds the world's second-largest reserves of shale gas and the third-largest of shale oil in the Vaca Muerta formation."
	"In 2026, artificial intelligence is reshaping every industry. Nations that invest early in AI research will have decisive long-term advantages."
	"The Space Race has returned: the USA, China, India, and Europe are all competing to establish a permanent lunar presence."
	"Supply chain resilience has become a national security priority. Over-dependence on a single supplier nation is a strategic vulnerability."
	"Drone warfare has fundamentally changed modern conflict. A nation without drone capability faces severe disadvantages on the battlefield."
	"The global energy transition is creating new resource dependencies. Lithium, cobalt, and rare earth elements are the new oil."
	"Managing war support is as important as managing your armies. A nation that loses popular support for war will struggle to fight on."
	"Anti-corruption campaigns can disrupt stability in the short term but lead to better governance and economic efficiency long-term."
}
